WCP-32741:- Update build scripts to support Elasticsearch (#2440)
oracle/docker-images: OracleWebCenterPortal/dockerfiles/12.2.1.4/README.md

# Elasticsearch Server Configuration details
SEARCH_APP_USERNAME=<Search User Name>
SEARCH_APP_USER_PASSWORD=<Search User Password>

> ELASTIC_SEARCH_INSTALLER_FILE_NAME=<Elasticsearch Installer File Name>
> ELASTIC_SEARCH_VERSION=<Elasticsearch Version>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ELASTICSEARCH_INSTALLER_FILE_NAME=<Elasticsearch Installer File Name>
ELASTICSEARCH_VERSION=<Elasticsearch Version>
```

Author: > 

Webcenter Portal expects Elastic search input variable with underscore. Please refer 
https://docs.oracle.com/en/middleware/webcenter/portal/12.2.1.4/admin/managing-search-webcenter-portal-elasticsearch.html#GUID-15836948-5875-4216-96C1-3985ECB21C4C

From Readme I can remove the underscore but while passing input to webcenter we need to pass the input variable as mentioned in above link

#### B. Creating and Running Elasticsearch Container

> >Note: With the beginning of April 2022 PSU release Oracle WebCenter Portal to install Elasticsearch you need to download the Elasticsearch 7.17.x binaries from Elasticsearch [Releases](https://www.elastic.co/downloads/past-releases#elasticsearch).

Reviewer 2: release of Oracle WebCenter Portal ,

> >Note: With the beginning of April 2022 PSU release of Oracle WebCenter Portal, to install Elasticsearch you need to download the Elasticsearch 7.17.x binaries from Elasticsearch [Releases](https://www.elastic.co/downloads/past-releases#elasticsearch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: Starting with the April 2022 PSU release for Oracle WebCenter Portal, you are able to optionally add Elasticsearch :registered: to the WebCenter Portal container image. Before creating this image, you must first manually download the [Elasticsearch 7.17.x binaries](https://www.elastic.co/downloads/past-releases#elasticsearch) directly from [Elasticsearch.
```

> Update the file name as `ELASTIC_SEARCH_INSTALLER_FILE_NAME` value and Elasticsearch version as `ELASTIC_SEARCH_VERSION` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `ELASTICSEARCH_INSTALLER_FILE_NAME` variable with the correct filename and set the `ELASTICSEARCH_VERSION` variable to the version of Elasticsearch you downloaded.
```

> Copy the downloaded Elasticsearch binary to host mount directory (`DATA_MOUNT`) using below command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the downloaded `elasticsearch-7.17.x-linux-x86_64.tar.gz` file to the location on the host used as the source for the `DATA_MOUNT` bind mount:
```

```

> $ docker cp elasticsearch-7.17.x-linux-x86_64.tar.gz <WCPORTLET_CONTAINER_NAME>:/u01/oracle/user_projects

Reviewer: Isn't `/u01/oracle/user_projects` mapped to a host directory? If so, why not just copy this on the host instead of into the container?

```

```
$ docker run -i -t --name <ES_CONTAINER_NAME> --network=<NETWORK_NAME> -p <HostFreePort>:9200 --volumes-from <WCP_CONTAINER_NAME> -v <ES_DATA_MOUNT>:/u01/esHome/esNode/data --env-file webcenter.env.list oracle/wcportal:12.2.1.4 configureOrStartElasticsearch.sh

> ```

Reviewer: What is this command for? There is no context here.

Author: Added the context

```

# Copyright

>  Copyright (c) 2020, 2022, Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright (c) 2020, 2022, Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Elasticsearch is a registered trademark of Elasticsearch BV.
```
